"I had my shorty and I was just going for it... don't take that out of context" -Johnny
"Mexico is shit." -Johnny
"Is everything I say going to be a quote now?"-Johnny
"Inhale Exhale "-Johnny
"He dropped down like ninja"-Johnny
"Says to Noah I see your period blood"-andy
"You're such a frickin' june bug, I love it, I love it." -Johnny
"Why are my hands so god damn soapy, what did I do with them?" -Johnny
"You know what, Andy Jang, a tie is better than a win." -Grant
"Women are inferior to men." -Johnny
"if this video gets 5 likes I will shoot my self in the foot"-Johnny
"He's a shit stain on a ground, that's what they think about him." -Yonf talking to himself.
"If I get 5 likes I will jump out of a window"-Jonny
"B*tchs gunna die tonight"-Jonny to himself
"Eating is not a necessity." -Johnny
"I'll harass whoever I want to." -Johnny
"naked women that's fine"-Johnny
"I don't rape kids." -Jonf
"I swear to God I'm dying to tuberculosis or something." -R.I.P Yonf
"I'm like an African child with polio, constantly getting attacked." -Jonf
"Why help African children when so many of them die?" -Jonf
"you aren't quoting this ."-yonf
"i couldve solved cancer and everyone would still hate me" -Jonf
"i have many sides i am like a rubix cube with pants" -yonf
"If she sucks someone else's dick, I don't need to be kissing that." -Johnny
"i'm just hoping I don't get a land whale... don't look like you crawled out of a sewer." -Johnny
"Is that a hentai background? I need it right now I'm just gunna download it."-yonf
"The penis does not go into someone you know." -Johnny
"Do you think unfertilized eggs are just kids dying." -Johnny
"Thank God, I'm going to eat weed." -Jonf
"Didn't Saddam Hussein invade Iraq?... I WILL EAT MY HEAD." -Jonf
"Do women have to pasteurize their milk?" -Johnny
Would you like to see my wenis?" -Johnny
"You should quote everything I say"-jonny
"god i hate bees they make me want to die"-yonf
"i understand what i must do"-yonf
"I was put on this earth to be sad"-yonf
"you have found out my true identity"-yonf
"i sweare there is going to be a book where they have all have in a book "-yonf
"I am clever and witty"-yonf
"Look at me, I'm beautiful, I have nice boobs :smiley: " -Johnny
"I swear if my girlfriend is not an anime cat girl"-yonf
"I will stab mty self if i get 5 views"-yonf
"when I'm on the toilet I'm like freking einstein"-yonf
"Do you guys wanna play destiny"-yonf "F*ck u"-andy
"You are the yin to my yang." -Noah to Jonf
"Alright guys I'm going to go beat my meat for like 15 minutes, I'll be right back." -Johnny
What do you want to be when you grow up? "A suicide bomber obviously." -Grant
"There's that bath water that i final ordered"- yonf
"How slippery is your meat?" -Jonf
"I know women get large, but as long as your not the size of Jupiter I'm fine." -Johnny
"he took a super shorty to the head"-Andy
"I'm not a quotable guy, i don't say dumb stuff."-Noah
"Are you telling me that you don't smell girl's shoes???" - Jonf
"I got balls of steel. They call me the BALL man" - Jonf
"F*ck its so hard ,don't quote that your too busy playing Minecraft"-andy
"suck my penis." -jonf
"Why do they have 2 monkey fucks?" -Jonf
"What the fuck are you an angler beef sandwich?" -Jonf
"Here's what I do. I *insert someone* redacted and take his skin." -Noah
"Are u gay?" "Only for you."-Noah
"If i was teemo, i'd be in the girls bathroom."-Noah
"Can you guys put your foot in your mouth?" -Noah
"Its the never ending onslaught of squinted-eye fucks" -Jonny
"I'm not racist, it's just a preference" -Jonf
"Laws are just like suggestions, you don't have to follow them." -Jonf
"Laws are just like women, they're meant to be broken." -Jonf
"They (women) have sexy boob." -Kohlman
"Catch me sleeping on them men." -Jonf
He cannot drive, he is Asian -Nathan
"Im plump, im so round and pluump" -jonf
"I will hit every skill shot"-jacob
“Stop speaking Spanish. I can’t read that.” jonf
"Laws are just like women opinions, they're meant to be ignored." - Jonf
Give me a m4 and I’ll kill anyone - jonf
"Get a room faggots" -Isabelle's dad
The kids are the best - Brandon
He can say chink and zipperhead( not nigga ) - jacob on topic of andy
"My erect nazi penis is coming straight for your ass." -Ethin
"I am drug boi" -andy
"im .5% African i can say the n word"yonf
"I'll fap when/wherever I want to." -Jonf
The car is fucking erection - Johnny
I don’t want to admit this, but my tongue went through that tiny hole I was penetrating it -jonf
I had sex. It took me 4 hours. -jonf
just a tip, dont rape her. -nathan
Can she just shut up and eat the fucking rice -pavek
damn, i need opiod, they give me a high, make me feel like a happy -jonf
"Im gonna cut off your fucking teeth" -Jonf
If my waitress doesn’t suck my penis during dinner she isn’t getting squat - Nathan
im an illegal - andy
"I don't need papers to adopt a kid, all I have to do is take it." -Jonf
"Isn't that stacking little girls?" -Jonf
"I will suck on your top lip until it swells like Kylie Jenner" - Jacob
"I hate you all and I wanted to see you all lose." -Brandon
"Now aim for the peasants, they all must die." -Jonf
"stop, my penis can only get so erect." -jonf
"My penis thrists for children." -Ethin
I’d much rather her RAPE THE BABY than leave it there to die -teddy
"If you get to diamond with teemo, I'll give you $100." -Andy
yo why teemo got that trunk!? - pavek
can you sleep w the principle and not get in trouble? - manuel
"Nigga, that's a cat." -Mexican Manuel
fuck it im a person of color now -andy
"Oh yes, he hung himself in a hilarious pose, funny." -Jonf
If I want to be legally black, do I just need to be loud? -jonf
"Do we have a hooker?" -Noah
"Underage incest is hot" -Kohlman
"I can never be with Diane Kohlman." -Ethin
"yes please come kidnap me." -Isabelle
She reached down and grabbed my penis-Johhny
"I literally want someone to cut my dick of right now." -Nathan
alright guys ima come out, im gay for pavek. -manny
"If I could I would have Mr. Urban's kids." -pavek *several of them*
"Respect the hymen." -Ethin
"I like the furry." -Ethin
"Oh my god, guys. Ethin has a pillow with his dad on it." -Isabelle
the good ones where they take their clothes off - isabelle
"Johnny, I'm going to lose control and sexually assault you." -Ethin
"Yeah, I fucking love little girls." -Kohlman
"Quarantine cannot stop me from acquiring gamer girl coochie." -Ethin
"I have the gamer fuel, it feels me." -Jonf
"Ethin is asking for the poontang in the dms." -Jacob
"I'd rather fill that 28 gb with child porn." -Jacob
ill bring a gun to school may 1st -andy
"Ethin probably has a shrimp dick." -Jacob
"I'm packing the shmeat." -Jonf
"I wish I knew how to speak Japanese." -Jacob
"All they got to do in Africa is eat mud and die." -Jonf
"What is this Gangnam Style remix." -Jacob referring to Party Rock Anthem
"You ever had a poo that's so sharp it stabs the inside of your anus?" -Jonf
"Are you as smooth as a baby's asshole?" -Jonf
"Master fucking whore dickbag fucking dick!." -Jonf
"Maybe he should invite me so I can fuck him in his uncle's bed." -Nathan
"I watch comic things, like idiotic people walking off of buildings." -Jonf
"Aw we love lolis aw yes." -Isabelle
"Kill the white person! Damn it." -Isabelle
"life is like a box of chocolates it doesn't last long for fat people."-yonf
"There pushing me in"-yonf
"some people like to see me with only pants"-yonf
"people kill people'-yonf
"1 bitch, 2 bitch, red bitch, DEAD BITCH!." -Jonf
"I dream of BTS every night." -Brandon
"I wish for him (any BTS member) to be inside of me." -Teddy
"I want to see Neeko x Zoe hentai, make it happen bot." -Ethin
"My butthole is frothing like a cappuccino." -Jonf
"God,why cant the corrna virus go back to china and kill all of those (C word )."-jacob
"No way that Veigar is that smart! Why do I only get inbreds!." -Brandon
"I support abortions up to 9 years of age." -Jonf
"Why do Kayn's nipples look like pepperoni?" -Jonf
"You know what, I'm fucking done, I'm just going to shoot myself in the dick at this point." -Jonf
"Technically, you've eaten so many dicks, you are gay." -Kohlman
"Aaron put the knife down!" -Jonf
Isn't he (Steve Harvey) Islamic? - J-Dau
"Hold up I'm going to look up something on google. How do I kill an anorexic child?" -Jonf
"hold up, im gunna find you a picture of my last 2 brain cells"-yonf
"Yeah, you got me, I watched my daughter was a hentai monster and I fucked her in the anus." -Jonf
"Next time I go to the pool, I'm going to wear a speedo." -Jonf
"if you reach diamond 1 as taric support (with some exceptions) i will give you $50" -andy to ethin
"I will literally eat your ass Andy, get the fuck out of here." -Mikie
"I wished I lived in Nazi Germany because then I would've been in the right." -Jonf
"How is this fly still alive, I'm going to eat it's coochie." -Kohlman
"Im gunna quench my thirst with the blood of children"-yonf
"Guys, I don't think black lives matter." -Jacob, Jonf, Kohlman, and Pavek
"I have a gaydar in my head, I always know if someone is gay." -Jonf
"Johnny forces his white privilege on me." -Kilyn
"I'm tired of females living life on the recruit difficulty." -Jonf
"I would gladly kiss a baby" -Nathan
"I want sex" -Jonf
"I like speaking Asian. RICE!" -Jonf
"Johnny I'm going to lick your armpit hair." -Jacob
"I am the mastermind behind all school shooting and bombings" - Nathan
"He (Teddy)'s probably off fucking bitches somewhere" -Jonf
"Whenever you hear a baby cry, you lactate." -Jonf
"We will scissor each other." -Jonf x Teddy
I like children -Brooke
" if i wanted to paint jacob in a BLACKlight" - jonf
"Buenos dias pendejos." -Jonf
"I'll tap a woman's ass." -Jonf
"My brain is shaped like a triagonal." -Jonf
"Where is the Chinese-Korean? I want to put a bullet in him." -Jonf
chinese, japanese, whats the difference? they are all just rice -isabelle
"Babysitting, you gotta sit on the fucking baby, how else are you going to do it?" -Jonf
"ill do it (seggs) on a zoom call" -jonf
"I'd be down to spearhead a church shooting." -Jonf
If my waitress doesn’t suck my penis during dinner she isn’t getting squat - Nathan
"You just got nae nibba'd." -Jonf
"i give the best head in the kingdom" - jacob
"Wamai is so black he blends into the fabric of reality" - Jonf
"Jonny is my mama"-isabelle
"oh my god its another black person!!!!!!!!! I literally cant see them" - Jonf
"jeans constrict my pp"-yonf
"whos vibrating's my pants"-yonf
"You know what,kylin is a man of culture if he wants the d he gets the d."-yonf
"Sorry I don't have a coochie tracker, thank you." -Jacob
"Someone help me, I'm being molested." -Jonf
"Come here baby, let me see your peener." - Isabelle
"im an advocate fro racism" - Noah
"I hate men so much I'm going to cut off my penis." -Jonf
"Get nutted on." -Jonf
"The man that gets succed never succs" - Jonf
"People who are depressed just have a weak mental." -Kilyn
"Gay people aren't the only people with buttholes." -Nick
"Yes, I would like to stick my dick in a guinea pig." -Jacob
"Yeah, I really want to get naked on zoom." -Nick
"What are you guys doing? Are you jacking off waiting for Hitler to come back again?" -Grant
"If the truth is black people, I hate the truth" - Jacob
"Has Nef shafted me." - Jonf
"If you were to put me in an ancient civilization, I'd instantly know how to make iron, like, boom look at this shit. They'd hail me as a god." - Jonf
"fuck Jewish people" -jacob
"I'll trade my sisters virginity for some buffalo wings" - Jacob Dau
"He got capped, like an African child with polio." -Jonf
"I am the god of the n-words." -Jonf
"I would smooch these kids so hard." -Brandon
"Literally send her (Mrs. Hufty) to Guantanamo Bay." -Nathan
"If i'm 10 years old does that mean I can bang Ethin's hot emo sister?" - Jacob Dau
"He's lighting me up like a jew!" -Jonf
"Luu is a sadist" -Christie
"Good I got a big penis." -Christie
"The greek god, Hepatitis." -Pavek
"I hate black people and mixed people" - Jacob
"Guys, I hate anybody who isn't purebred white." -Jacob
"These stupid motherfucking fucking fucking fucks."-Jacob
"Jacob's a eggplant, honestly." -Nathan
"Not pog, this is actually un-pog." -Christie
"Jonathan is an awesome necromaniac" - Nef
"Her (Christie) and Catherine be scissoring." -Nick
"I hate the gays"- Catherine
"nick is transgender" -jonf
"i wish i was you"catherine
"hes diffrent kill him"-jonny
I like feet pics whats the problem - Jonf
"im ok with being racist" - manny
your penis looks kinda scrumptious - jonf
"the reason why i have never dated a mexican girl is cause i feel like it would be like looking into a mirror" - manny
"You see that kid down the hall, 20 degrees" - Jonf
“armpits are hot” -nathan kohlman
"Tell her i'm looking for a boyfriend." -Nick
"I have night vision goggles, I will turn off my lights and rape you." -Jonf to Brandon
“he can literally have sex with a rat, i don’t care” - jonf about brandon
“it’s only for kathy though” - the brandon kingma